in the neurological clinic of
gummersbach district hospital
Diseases of the brain of the spinal cord
of the peripheral nervous system and the
Musculature diagnosed and treated
one of the focal points lies in the
treatment of strokes
just playing with acute strokes
Factor time is the essential role
the faster the initial supply takes place
the higher the chances for one
later successful therapy the
Supply of patients with one
stroke should be on one day
specialized station done so
called stroke units there take care of
a special team of special
trained doctors sisters and
therapist to the patient characterized
Not only do we achieve a better one
Feedback of the symptoms of the
stroke
Rather , we can also identify risk factors
which lead to a stroke again
can
recognize earlier and accordingly
also treat on the modern
equipped stroke unit work the
teams of neurologists with special
trained caregivers holding hands
goal is above all a fast one
rehabilitation of the patient this
early rehabilitation already starts
the stroke unit therefore belongs to the
treating teams, for example, the
physiotherapist of rp the
society for rehabilitation
prevention and care of the clinic
oberberg speech therapists ergotherapists and
many other disciplines for one
Precise diagnostics are available in the house
state-of-the-art imaging of ct
until the mrt should be available
operational engagement are necessary
the clinic cooperates with the
Vascular surgeons in the district hospital
waldbröl various medical
areas and yet medicine from a single source
this also applies to another
focus in the range of services of
clinic treating patients with
multiple sclerosis
fujitsu have had the basal therapy
in the mrt also nuclear spin three new earth
that actually means that about it
It must speak that you have the therapy
now out of forest escalates to one
stronger therapy and here too stands
the single person with his
Disease for doctors and nurses in
the focus is on holistic care
at the drug setting on
this disease but also the treatment
used by acute episodes in the house
will be the most modern medicines after the
latest scientific
findings on those immunotherapies
belong to the range of services of the clinic
also belong to the treatment
of epilepsy the diagnosis of
complex nerve damage stand here
The clinic's state-of-the-art high-tech systems
such as the electro neuro
GRAFFY for disposal
the clinic Oberberg the
health service providers in
Oberbergischen and Rhenish Bergisch
circle the cynical treatment
highest level and human
care with commitment first class
a trained staff a high
Equipment comfort and at the center
always the patient the oberberg clinic
well looked after